Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today is Monday, February the
9th, and this is the Moneyball Morning
Report. My name is Ann Marie Band.
Charts by Trendpider and Gamma Flows by
Mther Q. Starting with a daily look.
Right, we are beginning the week. So,
why don't we start at a weekly look and
we can see we're very rangebound.
Last week we had a little bit of a dogee
event. We did not close at the high of
the week before that. So have a look at
these closes.
For the last three weeks, we have
literally been caught in this pocket
between 6880
and
6970.
That's going to give us that breakout
zone, these two levels.
Now, notice it's been breaking out, but
collapses back to the center. it does
break down and collapses back to the
center. So what we are looking for is a
resolution outside that will give us a
couple of weeks to the downside.
Remember the break that's the look below
and fails to give us a new high then we
take the short. Okay. Same bounce, same
methodology,
inventory accumulation and distribution,
right? Okay, let's go to the daily. We
can see that also very sideways. Notice
what happened in the overnight. We came
into the 6970.
My thought if you listen to um market
kickoff on top TV which I run on Sunday
night I said hey as long as we don't get
up above this 6973ish
area and stay there sellers are going to
force us down into the pocket. That's
exactly what we're seeing. point of
control
is this line at 6927
and then we've got the top here at what
is this 77? No, 79.
So, let's move that edge up to 79.
Actually, let's move it up to 80.
We're going to put an alert there
because that's very likely to engage in
some sort of fight. Remember, the alert
tells us where a battle is going to
begin, not where the battle is going to
be resolved immediately. We don't know
that. Cowall still at 7,000.
Put wall still at 6600.
They're holding pat broad wide setups.
So, where's the breakdown space? Well,
my suspicion is that it is
right around the low which is the point
of control and that is 697325.
If we lose 6,900
23,
we need to it'll come down. It'll it'll
search traders will search for demand.
put wall on the day is all the way down
here at 6875. If we look below this area
and then bounce
and then fall below the area again,
that's the look below and go. Same
mechanical flow. Whether you're looking
at it on a 1 minute, 30 minute, 4 hour,
daily, the mechanical framework is the
same. Why? Because it's buyers and
sellers distributing product. We learn
this from JJ every morning. All about
the distribution of product. The max
zone for the gamma line up here right
around that 68.90. So these are the two
zones we want to watch for. Let's go to
the 30inut chart and see what the 30
minute opening range looked like.
Well, this is a great setup. Now notice
width of the range peaks over the top
comes back.
My thought is always if you are staring
down a chart first 30 minutes of the day
and you peak above and pull back
and peak above and pull back. This
failure to reach higher highs tells a
lesson. It sends us a message. Supply is
up here. They're not moving forward. If
the VWAP remains flat, it says we're
going to the bottom. And so you can
trade from the top of the box to the
bottom of the box, waiting on that
confirmation. Now notice what happens
here. They're trying to hold this ledge
dancing around it. This ledge is value
area high on the 30-inut chart today.
That's 69
70ish rounded about maybe 6960.
6960.
Notice what starts happening to the
VWAP. If you have trendpider, which I
highly recommend,
it gives us supply zones here building.
It breaks down. Guess what it's going to
do? Going to fill the gap. Look what it
does. It fills the gap. Now we have a
brand new line where we say, "All right,
here's heavy congestion.
6943.
This is a do or die event for the
buyers. They fill the gap. They've gone
into the demand zone which is sitting
right here. Also the VWAP.
Also the point of control sitting right
here. And this 6923 is our support
floor. That's what we're looking for.
Will the chart break out here? It could
be. But this move tells me that bounces
are sell zones this morning. When will
this shift?
To me, this will shift when it gets back
up into the range above 6960. Could you
take this long here at 6944 and shove it
into 6954? You could test to the VWAP.
Very possible. But that is a counter
trend trade. So, if it doesn't
immediately give you what you need, you
got to get out of dodge. All right, now
you know what's going on here. This is
the longest conversation about this.
Let's go quickly through the others.
Here's the NQ. Same supply.
The demand zone is not until we hit
24,850
or so. That's where the zero DTE put
wall is. Look at the bounce. They're
trying to do the same thing. Gap fill
recovery of the gap. Are they going to
do it? Takes us into 25,165
easily.
That could be the target. Is it a
counter trend move? You betcha. What's
the 30 30 minute opening candlestick
formation do? Same sort of thing.
It holds the level, peaks out, comes
back in,
tries to break, gives us a lower high
inside the box. We're going to the
bottom of the range. Statistically, this
is the formation.
Do you think some people are going to
short right here? 25,110.
Uh, yeah, for sure.
This is an inventory box here and it
goes all the way up to 25,150
all the way down to 25,052.
Are they trying to build a line in the
sand here at 25,040?
Absolutely.
You want to take a trade short, you
better watch that edge. This to me is a
little bit of a no-fly zone. I want to
go to where everybody was selling, which
is up here near supply
or
way down here at the bottom.
But the anchored VWAP 24,887
or so,
and that's where I'm going to consider
the long right now. Not so much.
Not so much. Very noisy. Could you scalp
it? Absolutely.
Is it a good trade? I'd give it a B
minus.
Where are the call walls?
Whoa. Call wall back at 26,000.
Put wall 24,500.
Traders keeping this area very wide in
the hedge. Very, very wide in the hedge.
Let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin.
have a gander at this. So, here we go.
I had a long fire off in Bitcoin at the
base here. Came into
uh the call wall. I had actually I had
the long down here at the 70,000 zone.
[snorts] Came in to this 70,200
area. started to bounce.
I was looking for the top of this range
when 8 o'clock, nine o'clock rolled
around and I had not gotten it. I just
got out of the trade. I don't know 50
bucks to the upside or whatever. But
that's a very wide r notice what the
wick tells us.
Sellers,
all kinds of supply up here. Line in the
sand for the traders. Now up here
72,700.
Where's support? Supply zone right down
here. 68,000.
That's a gamma line.
We'll see how it holds today. What's the
trend? Uh, it's down to flat
but lifting off of the floor. You want
to buy it?
Uh, I'd wait for a bottoming formation.
If you're taking it counter trend short,
you could get up here to 70,000. As I
have mentioned many times, the reason
that I closed my short
is because of this motion that suggests,
hey, we're going to chop around here.
So, my premise is going to be built
largely on that. We see something here
at 67,000.
That's a supply zone. It's bouncing off
a supply zone right here. There's
another supply zone below at 64,600.
We should chop around here for I don't
know couple weeks. Let's go to oil.
All right. What do we have?
price action holding the break to the
north but now building a new area of
inventory accumulation or consolidation.
Remember
uh all those words mean the same thing.
My thought is you use the term inventory
accumulation.
So, it reminds you that all people are
doing is getting product that they can
collect, put on their books, and
distribute and make money. That's really
all they're looking for.
So, we have an alert below. This gives
us the buy zone at around $62.75
and 6460
looks like the sell zone. Call at $65.
put wall zerodt put wall at 61.
Whoa. The big put wall is at 58. So, you
know, there's still a lot of people that
have not seen the writing on the wall
about energy. They refuse to believe
that energy can be along. They are just
absolutely bearish energy. And literally
the last 10 years have told them that
that's right. But times they are
changing my friends. Okay. So, what are
we looking for here? Notice our 30
minute accumulation event. First 30
minutes of the day, we hold the floor.
We stay inside of that event all day.
Now, notice it breaks to the top, can't
hold, comes back here. My suspicion is
that it should go to the bottom of the
box. Well, guess what? There's supply
down there. So, it misses the bottom of
the box by about 15 cents.
Sometimes that's going to happen to us
and we're not going to be able to get
the long right there, but on the retest
where the mechanical flow says that
we're holding. All right, there's
inventory accumulation within inventory
accumulation. The breakout here gives us
that great big long. Could you chase it
and do a buy stop? You could if momentum
holds that way. But remember, if you
chase it out of the top, your stop is
the bottom of the box or the lower the
higher low from a long. We are failing
at this edge. What's going on? Another
pocket of inventory.
What's trend? It's up. You could do a
buy stop up here at 63.95.
Do you want to try and sell it? You
could, but that's counter trend. You'd
want to wait for, I don't know, maybe
you could do the old resistance, new
support ledge. If you take the short
here at 68, your stop has got to be 93.
Is that kind of tight? Yes. But it's a
sideways zone.
Let's go to
gold. We'll leave silver alone today.
Here's gold. Here's our first 30 minute
formation.
Gold's still holding its own and the
metals will move sideways and then
resume upward trend.
That's just the regime we're sitting in.
So, we've got sideways pressure. We're
not making new highs and there is a ton
of supply here. Sideways action top of
the box
should take us to the bottom. It does
once, but now there's a higher low here.
So, what do you want to do?
You could wait.
You could jump in and take the trade. My
thought would be try it short at
$50. Uh $5,000.50.
Excuse me, $5,050.
And that should give you that pressure
vent short.
Could it run stops all the way to
5100?
Absolutely.
Absolutely. Supply very far above us and
strong. This is heavy supply. Demand
sitting below us. What's my suspicion?
That we slip into demand and then give
ourselves another rise to the top. The
point of control and the VWAP are very
close to each other. And price action
gives us $4,960
old resistance, new support. That's a
relative area.
Somebody tried to tell me that there's
no such thing as support and resistance.
All right. Why don't you just run right
into this wall right here? See if
there's resistance at the wall. Just
say. So that's what we've got. Upside
pressure.
I doubt it gets above 570.
But we'll put we'll put an alert there
because you know market can do anything.
Very wide range we're in. Bottom of the
box.
The opening formation is 49
88. And that is sort of old resistance
new sport. We break that down. Watch for
the failed bounce that gives us
continuation to the south. All right.
Finally, the signal gets by.
Uh, that looks a little bit toppy, huh?
Little bit sideways.
You can build a 30-minute candlestick
off of the trading event, off of the
trading open. That works for SPY.
Um,
let's see. We have inventory
accumulating
accumulated back here.
Looks like potential new support. So,
what's the story board?
We have to look at this wick and then
say, what might we do?
Well, the wick says
688 is our support floor.
If we lose that support floor,
we'll head to the bottom of this heavy
congestion over here.
It's pretty wide, but that's my
supposition.
VWAP is sitting right there at 688.
Point of control at 686 and some change.
That's what we're staring through. This
alert down here at 684 needs to be
re-triggered
so that we know that that's a point of
contention. Notice the real line in the
sand sits right around here
at the congestion pocket. See how it
savage breakdown
into supply. Lot of buying. This whole
area is a supply zone. Excuse me, a
demand zone. The whole area is a demand
zone. And so price action moves and then
it rockets out on Friday. My thought was
this. These were people caught way too
short and they turned around and they're
just moving it in the opposite
direction. Now, here's the thing. That's
Thursday's move and Wednesday's move.
They still had Tuesday's move to break
up and through. If they can't do it,
we're going to see more downside action.
Call still up at 700. Put wall still
down at 675. So, 25 points of motion
right there. Okay, everybody, that's it.
I'll see you on the streams. Yes, Midday
Moneyball, Post Earnings Edition, and
TopStep TV.
I'll see you all soon. Take care.